good only here the battery of the fusca
from my little fuck
here my situation is down from my bank
obama wanted to stay
the year
the voltage regulator all
this way not much
- I had talked to victims of what I said
when he gets here
he arrives in cac
He wants to get here. He's still undefeated.
a part goes pro
a part goes to the rear of the car when you have a device passed
the rear lights
a piece of him that's actually coming
of the dynamo but is passing here inside to come pro
regulator
I hear there, I show it here.
explains that the provider of the adept down here
and the rest to the post of
is the battery gun cable
queta that this crisis much thicker clicked promoter of events
Ok I've been in the very interesting process here.
I've been here that is a bit more difficult.
it's on at the same point here
where does that red cross car come from?
who comes here
and go there pro
into the
So
Any nice text for you to do if you want to stay
leaves the medical part of the beetle ladybug
a chain scale I already told you about it
helton has assumed that you already know how to use a common team because I have videos
about it - will make you lose the key of the institution's safe
will the ignition key
will shut off another three years in fall
in an investigation we can not take advantage of
nobody
will leave the delivery of the presents in the plenary
Mario Dagogo
then the consumption due to tel
It has to be practically zero
because they ate at 0
the probable case of al-ain
it is possible to consult 0 points and russia
o with 200 mi the client can not be charged
from north on natal this gives a mood with anac to 0
So how are you going to find out my helmet came from?
but imagine that you are downloading the battery
this is the first test you will do with the car
with all this legacy
has 0 01 drop and 0 is here giving a little bit
The problem is that just as kinect works
because even on the scale of 2012
He keeps on giving a change.
so I will keep
he scale of 20 kg is dealing with a current relative to pec
The most you cqc
pay attention to what I'm going to say and try to play
you notice that you have high consumption of comment here
for example
like this
What I did, I called again, Veronica.
the malapata
from inside the car
dropped pum
the sentinel perez or 0 photo 80 meliantes
or 0
another item that does not
with Pérez
then this consumption or consumption of that mine
will it be that consumption per captures and records
low voltage
It's okay then if you put everything off
battery runs out quickly
what do you need to do
You need to get laughter out of here and see if you do not have one.
lamp on has nothing
What's the first thing I'm going to tell you to do?
the first thing
We removed fuses from the fuse box
You can have them all.
understand and take one at a time
starts with a carriel dropped consumption due to not shooting second fall
I do not want to weave
and so on
never going to remove any of the fuses, the problem is that before
fuse box
which would be part of stakes and rifles
there were in the lights the order suddenly the ignition key
Suddenly some problem that I'm going to love too
There you go, hanging up.
but you go through the possible the easiest thing
then just to illustrate if you took a fuse for example from the headlight
I'll call you flashlights.
poster
only to laterna the latino consumption said
two aspects
why did the negative sign appear here?
being that
being that should eat step is similar
I want to say here
pointed out the team defeated calling her out of the authorized standard
and you fancy
to the consumer as a result of
soup
for convenience that put it opposite if the interface
this is the candidate to show that we are training
other 20
but no goal
it's already the consumption of honey
from my company person
now the consumption of honey
to the bar
along with the flashlight
of the consumer 11
of the consumer the burden o pt claims the paulinho in the car
Nothing has changed
the course
lost almost everything right he just wanted
It's good, the ideal is to consume little
in the document
now it consumes little
now I'm going to throw the ignition key
lajir ex-cleaning machine key of the ignition
This leaves the beginning.
Our country is the leader.
just turn the key in the ignition
increases to 17
we never went very well
already in the trophy to say this subject of abuse in nothing
so it's easy there
if you identify where the current is to escape before turning to the
movie theater
It's easy for you to identify
where the color is running
me and
Tart with strong chain
starts there taking away the
the fossils
This is true for any car, it's not worth deep.
this ps and psd the current form
or with a more complex electrical part that overshadowed the fact that the
but those who have can give you a little work
I do not play the very simple play with today's standards a pack of
job
and it's a modern all-electronic car there
If you have an electrical problem, you can
with the modern one and that is the flagship
death occurred
because it is very complicated in the sense of campinas
will stay every time he passes the principle he
and how are you?
to detect a current leakage
but the electrical part in day
the last athlete to retire
if you have any
from that game
from that fuse on
from phones onwards what you can do
you can follow let's assume it's the cable
low beam headlamp
you look like the cable to see where you are going
m this is very common a passing car and workshops
and the weight of the workshop
it was not he was a painter
they do not like to touch the side and make a
Sometimes it's a butcher
we disagree and 4th place to ride
at the close of the armed conflict
fisichella
understood then depends on the service you will see poorly done there fox is a
aggravating